## clonr clone

Initializes a git project and initializes template engine

### Synopsis


There are multiple ways to use the clone command.
1. 'clonr clone <git_url> <name_of_project>'
    * Clones a remote git repository
    * Replace <git_url> with the url you would use if running git clone <url>
    * <name_of_project> is optional. This will be the name of the directory (inside your working directory) where the project will be cloned to.
    * If you don't provide a name for your project, the name will be clonr-app
2. 'clonr clone --local <local_path> <name_of_project>'
    * Clones a local directory on your filesystem.
    * Notice the '--local' flag. This indicates the local filepath. You can also use '-l' for short
    * Replace <local_path> with either an absolute or relative path to the directory you want to clone
3. 'clonr clone --alias <alias_name> <name_of_project>'
    * Clones a project based on information you've stored as an alias.
    * Notice the '--alias' flag. This indicates that you've provided an alias'. You can also use '-a' for short
    * Replace <alias_name> with the alias of the project you want to clone.
	* You can still use the '--name' or '-n' flag to set the name of the directory the project outputs to.
	* For more information on aliases, run the command 'clonr alias --help'

NOTE: You can actually pass in the name using a '--name' or '-n' flag, if you prefer.

This would look like this: clonr clone <git_url> --name=<name_of_project>


```
clonr clone [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -a, --alias         Indicates that the argument you provided is an alias
  -h, --help          help for clone
  -l, --local         Indicates that the path you provide is on your local machine.
  -n, --name string   The git URL to read from (default "clonr-app")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [clonr](clonr.md)	 - Clonr is a project templating CLI.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 7-Nov-2021
